expectations of the company: we can do HIL test with FORCE simulator.
That is the minimum goal, if opportunity also test on vessel.

Should we design for a type of vessel? U to lorenzo but
we have only models of large vessels with different propulsion.
We can botoh make a system for a propulsion or that adapts to it?

What knowledge frmom Emri can we expect? not defined yet

The project can do btoh control and thrust allocation or only control.

adptation doesnt happn at the thrust allocation, that is only a model
if necessary, they can provide their models for thrust allocation

whatever is done will work n simulink and matlab. EG cannot run
LQR online. Will investugate later.

knowledge of vessel dynamics: is there a bare minum of knowledge EMRI
has acces to? Lieke tonnage or size? There i knowledge but depends.
Thomas will compi.e a list of known ifnormation

Is there prefeerence form the company for control methods? No bounds.
They see this as a tool to explore new possibilities.
The investigation has value as well, besides the solution.

Should we assume the navigation system is available? Should we pursue estimation
of position and velocity? Initially, we will assume they are available, then we
will see. Velocity and position available at desired freq, acceleration no.

Different sols with/without acce feedback can be explored.

We will need to discover the resctrictions and requirements for 
the controller. EG right now for cruise vessels it doesnt matter much, 
the constraints are like noise levels. For smaller ships they might change.

GPS, speeds, rate of turn and heading will be available. Acceleration might
not be available because IMUs are not standard on these ships.

important to keep a rolling doc before meeetings with achievements, issues and problems. 
Write down also equations and importnat points from reaf papers. Also weekly meetings.

Within the first month i have to deliver the projec tplan
Better to have it for the first 2,5 weeks.
It is where i descrober the needed work to meet the scope of the project and build timeline as a gantt chart.
It will be reviewed by the supervisors. 
At the end of the thesis i will have to subimit a revised plan with alteations as sort of self-reflection.

no monday 10-11, no thursday 10-11, no fridays for thomas and in general before 14.




